PivotGrid.ExcelJS export - fix descriptions (#66)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/PivotGrid/ExcelJsHeaderAndFooter/description.md

> <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> library allows you to customize worksheets outside of the exported cell area. This demo uses this functionality to add a header (a title before exported data) and a footer (a note after exported data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> library allows you to customize worksheets outside of exported cell area. This demo uses this functionality to add a header (a title before exported data) and a footer (a note after exported data).
```

> Review the [onExporting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onExporting) handler to see the data export code. The demo illustrates the following customization features:

Reviewer 2: Similar to a comment above:

```suggestion
Review the [onExporting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/#onExporting) handler to see the data export code. The functions that generate header and footer sections utilize the following customization features:
```
